fixes for unsupported partitions field in CRD metadata block (#16604)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/config-entries/ingress-gateway.mdx

</Tab>

<Tab heading="Consul Enterprise">

> For Kubernetes environments, the CRD inherits the partition from the cluster hosting the pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Kubernetes environments, the config entry will always be created in the same partition as the Kubernetes cluster.
```
